server up (production scrypt, local Ollama model, no cloud key)
PASS  0a the Ask form is not offered before any material is uploaded  ::  no question box
PASS  1  a question runs in the background: the page showed "Working" and then finished by itself  ::  waited 21s, final badge: Answered from your materials
PASS  2  every quote shown is found word for word in the uploaded file (checked here, independently of the app)  ::  1 quote(s); status "Answered from your materials"; the pop operation removes the element from the top.
PASS  3  the answer names where it comes from (heading) and says the quotes were checked by the app  ::  source + check label present
PASS  4  "How this was produced" is on the page and lists the steps  ::  details present
PASS  5  an out-of-scope question is answered at once with "nothing was guessed" (no model, no answer)  ::  took 0s
PASS  6  a weakly related question does not reach the model and shows the closest passages verbatim  ::  took 0s
PASS  7  "This looks wrong" is recorded and shown  ::  marked
PASS  8  the three questions are listed in the history  ::  history shown
PASS  9  the Account page explains cloud use and starts with it switched OFF  ::  checkbox off
PASS  10 ticking the box and saving is remembered  ::  checkbox on after reload
PASS  11 another account gets 404 for the first account's question and subject  ::  question 404: true
PASS  12 no JavaScript errors in the session  ::  0 errors

BROWSER RESULT: 13/13 passed

FIRST ANSWER PAGE TEXT:
StudyHub
Account
Signed in as alice
Log out

← Data Structures

What does the pop operation do on a stack?

Answered from your materials

Answer
The pop operation removes an element from the top of the stack.[1]
Sources and evidence

Each source shows the file, the section and the PDF page, and the exact words the answer rests on. The app checks that the words exist in your material; it cannot check that a statement reads them correctly, so read the quote.

[1] data-structures · section: Data Structures › Stacks
the pop operation removes the element from the top.
✓ These exact words were found in your material (checked by the app).
Explanation, step by step
The quote from the "Stacks" passage says what the pop operation does. This is the definition of the pop operation on a stack.
The model's own reasoning. It passed simple checks (no invented numbers, follows the quotes) but is not verified word for word.
Verification
✓ Every quote (1) was found word for word in your material.
✓ Every number in a statement also appears in its quote.
✓ Only your own subject's passages were searched, and passages that read like instructions to an AI were not shown to the model.
✓ Each statement mentions "pop", the key word of your question.

Written by llama3.1:latest (local).

This helped
This looks wrong
How this was produced
Delete this question

SQLITE (read directly):
   doubt: (1, 'answered', 'local', 'llama3.1:latest', 0, 'What does the pop operation do on a stack?')
   doubt: (2, 'abstained', 'none', None, 0, 'What is photosynthesis in plants?')
   doubt: (3, 'abstained', 'none', None, 0, 'What is the enqueue speed of hash tables in databa')
   claims stored: 1  citations stored: 1
   spine runs (qa): 3  trace rows: 15
   consent flags: [('alice', 0), ('bobby', 0)]
server stopped: no LISTENING socket
